A collection of useful linux scripts, which would make your life easier.

### Content:
* memfree.sh - a small script to clear your cached and buffered RAM memory
* tstools.sh - a compilation script for building and installing the tstools for Debian based machines
* opencaster.sh - a compilation and installation script for Debian based distribution of [Opencaster](http://www.avalpa.com/the-key-values/15-free-software/33-opencaster "Opencaster Official Webpage")
* twopass_ffmpeg.sh - a script for 2-pass encoding of input mxf file which creates an output mp4 file
* toggle_touchpad.sh - a script to enable the touchpad in case it is disabled and disable if it is enabled. You can automate this with bindsym in `i3wm` by adding something like" 
* share_wifi.sh - This script shares the WiFi connection over the wired interface usually on your laptop. Please note that you need to change the lan_iface to point to the address of your wired interface and wlan_iface to the port name of your wireless interface. You also need to configure the gateway on the connected device to point to the IP address of the wired LAN interface. This could be done with `ip r add default via XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX` where the `XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX` is the IP address of your wired interface from where you are sharing the Internet. 
* books_convert.sh - a command line utility to bulk convert your e-books from epub and fb2 format to mobi, which is the default for Amazon Kindle. You can then extend the script with a script which sends the .mobi files to your Amazon Kindle email address as attachments. As long as your Kindle is connected to the Internet, it should automatically download the books and add it to the library. This tool is based on `ebook-convert` which requires [Calibre](https://calibre-ebook.com/).
* screen_capture.sh - Script that captures the whole Desktop based on ffmpeg, it automatically detects your screen resolution and captures a region with such a size. The resulting capture is saved in `$CAPTURE_DIR`. This saves only the video, not the audio, you can further improve the encoding quality by setting up the gop, video bitrate and so on.
* curltime.sh - Script that is evaluating the latency of an HTTP request. It is based on the solutions mentioned [here](https://discuss.devopscube.com/t/how-to-find-response-time-using-curl-request/436) and [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3601515/how-to-check-if-a-variable-is-set-in-bash). You can add this in your alias in `$HOME/.bashrc`, `$HOME/.zshrc` or whatever shell you are using. `alias curltime="$HOME/path/to/curltime_script/curltime.sh"` and then activate the new alias
    either by sourcing the rc file or opening a new terminal window. This script is giving you information about: redirect, DNS name lookup, connection time, appconnect time, pre-transfer time, starttransfer and finally the total time in seconds. It also shows you the HTTP code, the size request, upload size in case of a POST/PUT request, the size of the response and the header in bytes. Please also note that the format and the returned values are defined in the `time_format.txt` file. 
